now this hand is to be stretched and the
center of this hand has to go on top of
the fontanel bone area where it was a
softball and you have to press it hard
and move it seven times slowly stories
on sweets at math how do you come to see
a don't listen disagreed in moved do
small carnal Kundalini do a pesticide
O'Hara Masha now so we are moving
towards the kingdom of God put the left
hand please towards me like this all the
time
on your lap you can keep it if you want
to be comfortable so ibn Khattab we met
Lima SWAT your laptop CCD comforter and
the right hand you have to put it now on
your heart and please close your eyes
hello Matt nose would mount a tooth the
families you like Indonesia - ah - DPP's
immutable is affirmed a very firm it was
you man no revolver natural is a
yarmulke Metis
the mango tree mataji element wah - what
- laputa go speaker now please close
your eyes and put your both the feet
apart a little bit
please close your eyes please all of you
close your eyes you can take out your
spectacles because it helps your
eyesight also you don't have to open the
eye so it's alright now you have to ask
me a very fundamental question in your
heart you may call me Shri Mataji or to
make it easier mother you can say mother
am I the spirit please ask this question
three terms
now put your right hand on the upper
part of the abdomen and press it hard
this is the center of your mastery if
you are the spirit you become your own
master you become your own guide so
please ask a question three times mother
am I my own master three times
three times
please take your hand in the lower
region of your abdomen on the left-hand
side
[Music]
as you know you are free and I cannot
force on you anything so you have to say
on this center of pure knowledge that
Shri Mataji I want pure knowledge of the
divine this Center has got six petals so
you have to say six times mother please
let me have the pure knowledge
say from your heart as a result of this
asking the Kundalini starts rising she
moves upward now so you put your right
hand in the upper part of the abdomen on
the left hand side and press it hard to
help the Kundalini rise you have to show
yourself confidence so please say with
full confidence mother I am my own
master ten times because this has got
ten petals
ten times mother I am my master I am my
guide I am my guru
what
now raised his right hand on the heart
again now here again with full
confidence you have to say mother I am
the spirit this is the truth when you
say that must know that this truth you
have to achieve this is to be said 12
times
ah now you raise your right hand on your
shoulder in the corner between the
shoulder and the neck and put your head
towards the right side from the front
not go to the back don't raise the hand
from the front now here you have to say
sixteen times mother I am NOT GUILTY at
all because God Almighty is the ocean of
love and compassion but above all he is
the ocean of forgiveness and you cannot
do anything wrong that his ocean cannot
engulf
if you still feel you are guilty they'd
better take a punishment by saying it
hundred and eight times to feel
satisfied you have to be pleasantly
placed towards yourself just not now say
it sixteen times from your heart please
dete blue says welcome lady made it
lower back now
now raise your hand right head on the
forehead across from both the sides
hey no yeah
you have to say it from your heart not
how many times not the point from your
heart you have to say mother I forgive
everyone this is the center of Christ
it's your song the luckiest at hockey
control a power kiss combien for him it
is only acre no diesel man a pattern a
tool more cabinet tools to sukeimon many
of you might feel it is difficult not
hoping that it is a myth whether you
forgive or you don't forgive but when
you forgive at least you don't play into
wrong hands
[Music]
now please take your right hand on the
back side of your head
Ahmet nobody plus a settlement what
Allah hear the word for Ted to tell
elated if we would live in a bullet that
comes some direction on the platform and
push on top of it their luck here who
say would turn to the right here now you
have to say to the divine that if I have
done any mistakes or divine please
forgive me but don't feel guilty without
saying guilty just for your satisfaction
Alam a song
who sort of Cooper he said he personally
prepared made you know simple more
traffic Claire who's ever say we've
heard your conversation well
now please stretch your hand and put the
center of your stretched palm on top of
t-value the fontanel bone area which was
soft in childhood press it hard and bend
the head remove most feel Oh Matt Nauman
sister de Priscilla masseuse America
avec la Madonna in la pomme de la mass
also medica stretch your fingers
press it hard and when you read please
here again I cannot cross your freedom
you have to say that you want your
realization
[Music]
please say seven times mother may I have
my self-realization it would update
report on it don't cast an evil set for
the Mahdi man Jesus and moving seven
times now your scalp
[Music]
please take down your hands now put both
the hands towards me like this please
open your eyes now left hand raise it
little above your head on about four
five inches and see if there's a cool
breeze coming move it like this madam
left hand left hand they are doing right
now good now put this left hand don't be
nervous now
be confident some people will get heat
coming out doesn't matter it will cool
down some people might get it higher
you